you have the biggest Children's Hospital
in the world that is manipulating
mutilating and sterilizing young
children so I thought I had to do
something I knew that there were risk I
knew that there were things to fear but
there's something greater to fear rather
than the consequences within this world
[Music]
hello everybody I had the pleasure and
the discomfort as well of talking with
Dr itan Heim
today and he is a general and Trauma
surgeon operating in Greenville
Texas more relevant to this story he's
come out as a whistleblower recently
against the largest children 's Hospital
in the world in Texas and so we discuss
all that join
us Dr Heim start by situating yourself
for everybody say who you are where you
are in your career where you're working
where you're located geographically just
contextualize this for everyone yeah um
and thank you for having me on uh my
name is Aon Heim I'm a general and
Trauma surgeon in a small town out side
of Dallas um I grew up in Florida you
have a brother and a sister two parents
very close with all of them um I went to
college in Florida and then medical
school there as well and um I went to
did my surgical training at Baylor
College medicine in Houston Texas and
you know this was a big deal for me
because it's one of the most prestigious
surgery programs in the country um you
know a lot of legendary surgeons have
come from that program so I started that
program in 2018
and was there for 5 years until
2023 so I was able to see the world of
medicine surgery before covid and then
afterwards uh so I had a unique
perspective because I was at the bottom
of the rung during this time and um you
know it had completely changed my life
changed the way that I perceive medicine
the world around me uh so the program is
Baylor College medicine but we'll rotate
a few different hospitals one of those
being
Texas Children's Hospital which is the
largest Children's Hospital in the world
one of the best hospitals too what what
exactly did you see happening and why do
you refer to it in those terms yeah
because uh so when you're a surgical
resident you're at the very bottom of
the totem pole of these big teams that
take care of a bunch of patients so all
the grunt work is done by the residents
talking to these patients doing the
consents seeing them every single day
and these are these big County hospitals
you big Children's Hospitals so when I
started in 2018 you know the this was
like the Apex of American Medicine where
people would be taken to the operating
room you know cut from the sternum to
the belly you know have their entire
aorta replac if they had disease and
these people would go home and and I was
able to see this and it was amazing you
know this is what I always dreamed of
doing because my dad's doctor he would
tell me stories and um you know during
that time there was vigorous debate
about issues and medicine and surgery we
would have these meetings every week
where we would discuss these topics and
we would discuss them freely we would
have these these um uh different points
of view that were fleshed out you know
in in really rigorous ways but in 2020
all that changed and this was again the
time where I was at the bottom of the
totem pool right it was like my second
year in training and it was in March of
2020 that everything had changed where
the medical profession and really
the our society's institutions had been
transformed I think in two ways where
they had instead of pursuing medicine
based on morality and evidence and
science it was based on
ideology and what I mean by that is this
belief that truth is subjective that
it's it's not reflective of the
objective world right so that something
is true if you say it's true not because
you can observe it or record it or
measure it it all you have to do is just
say it's true and this is a problem when
you see it in like a college classroom
but it's a totally different thing when
it's guiding the interventions that
you're you're recommending for patients
and um that's what happened during covid
with the masks the lockdowns the social
distancing none of this was ever based
on any type of scientific thought it was
simply because someone said it and one
when when you know believed in it but
the second component that changed was
censorship the ideology had taken hold
but no one was able to question it no
one a was able to debate it because of
the censorship it happened in the media
it happened in the news but in academic
medical centers I can attest that it was
this is where the the effect was most
powerful where if you questioned
anything you would have the most severe
repercussions to your job to your future
to your opportunities everything so a
lot of people saw that in like this very
kind of bird's eye level but I was in
the hospital you know we would see bad
cases of abuse before but the abuse we
saw afterwards was the most shocking
thing I've ever seen so it's like during
that time that I became very familiar
with the sound a mother makes when you
tell her that her child is dead you know
that's a that's a horrifying thing so
that was my first few years of training
let me summarize that just to make sure
that we've got it so the case you're
making you talked about this the the
dawn of something approximating a
subjective theory of truth and you say
that things really changed in March 2020
and then you make a causal claim you
said that in the throws of the pandemic
lockdown the there were
medical hypothetically medical practices
that were implemented that weren't based
on evidence at all the social distancing
for example and and the use of masks and
and if you oppose that the introduction
of a very um uh strict form of
censorship and your sense is that that
actually changed medical culture quite
dramatically and quite suddenly and
maybe quite
comprehensively and you saw that extend
to the degree where we were allowing or
hospitals were allowing or insisting
that people who were ill suffered and
died alone because they weren't allowed
to see their loved ones and and then you
said that you also saw the dramatic
effects of that of the lockdown
practices on children who I presume were
exposed to more abuse partly because
they weren't that wasn't being monitored
by schools but also partly I would
imagine that the additional economic
stress and sheer proximity that to
children that was produced by the
lockdowns also exaggerated the
conditions that would lead to abuse to
begin with you you saw a perversion of
the medical Enterprise that you believed
was quite profound now why do you think
you experienced that more dramatically
in some sense because you were at the
bottom of the medical hierarchy at that
point why do you think that gave you a
particularly insightful Viewpoint you
and the reason is because we would see
these people every single day the ones
who would have to make the phone calls
to the families was was us the people
who would stay after and talk to the
patients was us you know the the the
breakdowns these people would have were
experienced by us we would see all the
worst parts of it and um so yeah that
that I believe laid the groundwork
because when you have the entire medical
establishment every Doctor Who
participates in this right they they
like adopt this sin right the shame
because everyone knows it's wrong but
everyone's doing it and and you it's
kind of like you um prepare them for
what's next because if they don't speak
out on on that then they're not going to
speak out on anything else and the only
way this becomes as universal as
institutional as it has now is if
doctors don't say anything because what
these people are proposing has zero
therapeutic rationale and and that goes
before evidence that's Upstream from
evidence like if I take out an appendix
right I take out someone's gallbladder a
colon mass because I think it's a tumor
I have to have a logic a rationale I
have to be able to identify a problem
make sure that the risks that the sorry
the benefits outweigh the risks because
whatever intervention we're uh applying
you have to do that calculus it's an
interesting hypothesis you see I hadn't
considered the fact that acceptance of
the lockdown lies especially on the
medical side and the emergence of that
cancel culture around any criticism
set the stage for the next sequence of
Lies I mean there's other causal reasons
I presume I mean I read a PDF a while
back that was prepared by a marketing
agency that described the growth
opportunities on the transgender
treatment front the so-called gender
affirming side of medicine which that
gender affirming phrase that's like one
of the most manipulative lies I've ever
heard in my life it goes along Ong with
the legislation to forbid so-called
conversion therapy which I as a
therapist know that nobody has been
doing for like 70 years that was a
complete bloody lie right from the
beginning and so your claim is part of
the reason that spread so quickly was
because there was a culture of
compliance and silence that had already
established itself firmly in the medical
community I've never seen the medical
and psychiatric Community do anything
worse in my entire life than what's been
happening with so-called gender
affirming care and so what other reasons
do you know that that that made this
occur so and and just one more thing
about what you say for the language it's
so it's anti- language right it's not
just a euphemism it's not just a few
degre it's not a few degrees off from
the truth it's not oriented towards the
truth it's oriented towards the exact
opposite completely it's diametrically
opposed to to reality and to the truth
you bet it's it's really something to
see and like as you are implying most
lies are just slightly off-kilter right
that's how people get away with them but
there are specific forms of lies that
are diametrically opposed to the truth
and they're obviously insanely
pernicious and that's exactly the
situation with so-called gender
affirming care okay so you what did you
start seeing you talked about the kids
that you'd seen who'd been damaged by
the co lockdowns and the increase in
abuse but that's a separate issue apart
from the establishment of the culture
that we're describing yeah so it was
around 2021 2022 everything with covid
is happening and I'm a part of it right
so there's a part where I've adopted
this shame I know this is wrong I know
these people are being harmed I know
that what medicine is doing is wrong and
people are are losing things that can
never be taken back and that I'm a part
of that because I was was was playing a
role in it I mean I tried to fight back
everywhere I could but you know in in my
inside I knew that there was a sense of
Shame right within me but then it was
during that time that the transgender
issue proliferated right it became
Nationwide worldwide and you think that
these uh things are happening in
Washington state Oregon New York
California but you don't think it's
happening in
Texas um so the story starts in March
2022 um where I was still a resident uh
the hospital Texas Children's Hospital
had issued a public statement
unequivocally saying they were going to
shut down their transgender Clinic
because of potential criminal liability
and that last port is important because
they acknowledge that issue potential
criminal liability the reason they
released that statement in March of 2022
is because few weeks before the Attorney
General of Texas Ken Paxton had issued
an opinion saying that these
interventions could be investigated
child abuse which they are so makes
sense why the hospital would release
that statement right they they need to
protect themselves avoid this criminal
liability so they say we're shutting
down the program and um uh I knew that
that was a
lie unequivocally the reason I knew that
is because I worked there I did surgery
there the people who were doing these
procedures had told me they were doing
these procedures so over the next couple
of months people I worked with had told
me that man you know I just implanted
some puy blocking device in some 11 12
13 year old kid who believes they're
transgender and uh I thought man that's
that's odd they released this statement
a few weeks you know few weeks before a
few months before so I I I thought maybe
this ju maybe like a few holdover cases
maybe they were scheduled beforehand you
know I didn't believe it it just seemed
so absurd that the hospital would be
lying about something like this I just
didn't think it was possible right so
over the next couple of months it just
gets worse and worse more and more
frequent where it's becoming more
frequent but also the stories are
getting crazier where you have these
kids with tons of psychiatric issues all
those are being ignored and they're just
getting these drugs whether blockers
hormones to uh to affirm their gender
um so but I still didn't believe it
right took me months but then it was
January of 20123 that all doubt was gone
because it was during that time that the
directors of the program the transgender
program the one that supposedly did not
exist were given the opportunity to
speak at the hospital's most prestigious
lecture series it's called Grand rounds
uh this is a lecture that's given every
single week it's like a uh demonstrates
a priority of the hospital so you have
the directors of the transgender program
who are talking to the entire department
you know talking about their algorithmic
approach to uh uh the you know the
hormones and the blockers you know
advising General pediatricians to ask
about gender identity behind the backs
of their parents talking about fertility
preservation in 11 12 year old kids
talking about momies when you know kids
get a little bit older and um that was
that was mind-blowing but then even
there was a few weeks after that there
was a zoom conference with a few members
of the transgender program with a group
of 150 medical students right like a
public Zoom conference where you had one
of the social workers who talked about
how they actively concealed the
existence of the program from governing
State bodies right governing medical
bodies by saying instead of documenting
consoles right or giving documentation
to parents he would defer documentation
like just call in consults or just tell
parents the reason is to not leave a
paper trail so these people were
explicitly talking about how they were
hiding this program how did you get
access to that Zoom call because they
were public they the entire medical
school it was it was a medical student
group who put on this conference so
anyone could join there were like 150
people there and the grand yeah the
grand lectures are open to every person
textas children's every person Bor so
you have like hundreds if not like over
a thousand people who know the hospital
said one thing but they're doing the
exact opposite opposite thing behind
closed
doors and um so it took me months to
make that conclusion because it's just
so insane and tex right right of course
of course well you know I talked to
Michael shellenberger after he broke the
W paath files and and Michael is
obviously a journalist who he broke the
Twitter files too uh him and tyby and uh
and Barry Weiss I think was involved in
that too so he's not a coward and he
told me when we discussed the W paath
Revelations that he had watched Abigail
sh shrier and I talk about her book
irreversible damage and the harm that
gender affirming care care God I just I
can't even use those words is doing to
children and he
said that he couldn't believe
it it took him two years it took him two
years
to
admit to what might be going on and you
know it's obvious that you were
suffering from the same conundrum and
it's not that surprising right
because watching something like that
unfold is the sort of thing that makes
you question your own sanity because
you're forced into a position where you
think well either I'm seeing what's
going on and a thousand people are
ignoring it even though it seems
extremely pathological and illegal and
antim medical and immoral and that
that's casting a dim light on the entire
profession or you're going to wonder if
maybe there's something wrong with your
the way you're looking at the world and
both of those are really Stark and
terrible choices and so it's not
surprising it took you a number of
months before you would be even fully
admit to what was going on what was your
emotional state like at that at that
point you really look at who you are
right like like who am I as a person
right am am I really a doctor am I a
surgeon because that was like the
question that was a question that was
going through my mind I never thought
about I never answered that question
before but because everything that
happened during Co you know I was so
angry every day I was angry and my wife
would tell me like Aon you're angry my
parents would tell me you're angry and
I'm like a very not angry person by
disposition like I never I never have
been angry in the operating room and
that's saying something you know for a
surgeon to not be angry in the operating
room but I was angry and I was because I
hated to see what was happening to these
people to these kids to to even these
adults everyone because everyone was
taking on these lies
but people were being harmed by it
people were dying alone these kids were
suffering and I was seeing I was seeing
it every single day so when I would come
home I was angry but what I realized is
that I was angry with myself because
even though I'm at the bottom of the
totem pool like I still have a
responsibility if I'm a doctor I'm a
surgeon I have to do something because
my dad's a doctor and he always told me
like you have to take care of your
patients that's the most important thing
above anything else but he also said you
have to take care of the profession you
have to be a good doctor you have to
represent yourself well and I thought
about everything he had told me and was
I representing medicine like like
surgery like was I being a doctor in
that moment I thought if I don't do
something about this I could never live
with myself right you have the biggest
Children's Hospital in the world lying
to the public about a program that is
manipulating mutilating and sterilizing
young children you have probably
hundreds if not a thousand people who
know about it and I know about it so if
I didn't do something right you know for
my my wife's pregnant she's she's um uh
my kids she's doing uh October my first
girl she's going to be a daughter if if
when she grows up and she looks back
what is she G to think of her her father
if I didn't do something and just let
this happen because she's going to know
so I thought had to do something and
that was in January of 2023 where I I
thought you
know the reason I'm angry is because the
shame Within Myself for not doing
something so right I knew that there
were risk I knew that there were things
to fear but there's something greater to
fear rather than the consequences within
this
world sleep is a foundation for our
mental and physical health in other
words you've got to have a consistent
nighttime routine to function at your
best but if you're struggling with sleep
then you've got to check out Beam Beam
isn't your run-ofthe-mill sleep aid it's
a concoction carefully crafted to help
you rest without the grogginess that
often accompanies other sleep remedies a
bunch of us here at the daily wire count
on beam's dream powder to knock us out
and sleep better through the night so we
can show up ready for work the next day
just mix beam dream into hot water or
milk stir or froth and then enjoy before
bedtime then wake up feeling refreshed
without the next day grogg caused by
other Sleep Products dream contains a
powerful allnatural blend of RI
magnesium eleanine app Jenine and
melatonin to help you fall asleep stay
asleep and wake up refreshed and with it
now being available in delicious flavors
like cinnamon cocoa chocolate peanut
butter and mint chip better sleep has
never tasted better and today listeners
of this show can get a special discount
on beam's dream powder get up to 40% off
for a limited time when you go to shop
beam.com Peterson and use code Peterson
at checkout that's shop
for up to 40%
off okay so I've got three questions
like how many kids and adults do you
think were affected by this so-called
care during that time
um what how did you come to the
conclusion about what to do because
that's not straightforward right not at
all and then what do you think was the
highest the higher order issue that was
at hand that was compelling you to both
feel guilty and to speak do you my
answer those in reverse
order sure yeah I so in medicine just
like in anything else the only way to
live appropriately is to orient Yourself
by the truth to live by the
truth there's nothing you can get away
with if you lie you're going to pay for
it um
so that's the higher order principle
that was in my mind that was driving
that but also that but number two is
something more more physical more
granular is that there were kids being
harmed that I could do something about
it there were there were children who
were an imminent threat of being harmed
so uh how many how many second question
a lot um I can't necessarily give you
the exact numbers because what I saw was
limited maybe probably hundreds a lot
okay a lot yeah y but then then your
first question is so I have this
information right um I have to orient
myself towards truth right in order to
live but also to to fix this problem
there's kids who are being going to be
hurt um and I have the information but
what do I do about it like I'm a no one
right I'm like a I don't have social
media I you know I'm I'm very private um
you know like I live in a very small
town now so I thought well we have to
find someone who can do something about
this so we just started reaching out to
anyone everyone and anyone who who might
do something about it um so it took us
five months to get a hold of someone who
would take this story and we reached out
like tons of emails I just sent emails
like emails to dozens of people who's us
you said us that in terms of yeah me
yeah okay fine fine I just wonder well
the reason I asked well the reason I
asked is because and this is useful
maybe for anybody watching and listen is
that one of the things that's useful to
do if you ever find yourself in a
situation like this is to see if there's
a couple of other people around that you
can trust that you can Ally with because
it's relatively easy to fire one person
but it's and to Piller them but it's
it's a lot harder to do that with two
and it's probably impossible to do it
with four so but you were doing this you
were doing this alone and why do you
think you had to do it alone because the
uh American academic medical system is
like East Germany like no joke if there
was a a you know a colleague who kind of
thought the same way we would we would
physically go to dark quiet corners and
talk about these things right but no no
it's it's uh um there is a culture of
censorship and um uh fear that is very
very real um and I can attest because I
was there I lived through it um it's
imaginable so no one's going to do
anything like this and I I wouldn't want
to necessarily involve people you know
because um
uh you know you you especially we
sacrifice so much to get to that point I
mean um you know many people would be uh
that's why it's it's so easy for doctors
to say I'm just not going to do anything
I'm not g I'm gonna stay silent right
but their calculus is incorrect um so
yeah it was it it was during that time I
just would send emails it's like news
organizations I thought would be
receptive to the story or journalists
took me five months because I think
people just didn't believe me well that
may be part of the reason the other part
of the reason might be that they're in a
culture that's the same as yours you
know because it's shocking look I
know what you're saying already to some
degree I mean I'm being investigated by
my college in Ontario for daring to
question the gods of the transgender
movement primarily
and so I know how pernicious and
pervasive this is but I don't know the
extent of it and it could easily be that
if
it's a movement of Silence that's
infiltrated the medical and the
psychological communities that it's no
better in the world of especially in
Legacy Media in fact maybe it's worse
and that could easily be the case so who
did you who did you reach out to just
out of curiosity and then who finally
responded yeah so I I won't I won't say
the names of the organizations but these
are the conservative organizations who
would take a story like this you know so
I I want I want to be you know uh uh um
I want to have a degree
of EX charitable yeah because you know
they may have not believed me they had
other things going on like I get it you
know like I'm just some random guy who's
like emailing them a bunch of times
probably thing I'm some weirdo so um
yeah understand but then you know after
months I finally get in touch with
Christopher rufo in like early to miday
of
2023 and he demonstrated some interest
in the story so we go through the
vetting process to make sure I'm not you
know I'm I'm a real person I'm a surgeon
I work there that story is true and it
was the perfect timing because I didn't
know this at the time but the Texas
Senate was voting on the bill to ban
these interventions in the state of
Texas like a week later so we go through
this process to get the story ready and
then the story comes out on May 16th
2023 and blows up in the news it's
everywhere I think you even retweeted
about it I I I if I uh remember
correctly but the story does exactly
what we hoped it would do right I was
the anonymous
whistleblower no one knew my name the
story had outlined how the hospital had
lied to the public and con not only
continued the program but expanded it
behind closed doors within 24 within 24
hours of that Story coming out the Texas
Senate passed that bill with bipartisan
support Banning the interventions that
we had exposed and it was passed with
bipartisan support partly because our
story came out the day before because
there were multiple Democrats who didn't
know this kind of thing was happening in
their districts and the reason I know
that is because I spoke with the guy who
wrote that law and he had told me that
they had printed out physical copies of
our story and handed out to every single
member of the Texas Senate So within 24
hours of our story coming out this the
conduct we had exposed was voted to
become illegal in the in the state of
Texas yeah well it was probably the case
too that the Democrats that you're
speaking of and the Republicans as well
were also very loath to believe this you
know I've talked to many
Democrat congressmen and Senators uh
especially at the federal level
and especially the the Republicans are
often blind to what's really going on
let's say in higher education in the
medical schools for example they're 10
years behind the time or 15 years behind
the time but the Democrats are I would
say willfully blind to the pervasiveness
and danger of the radicals that are
within their midst say for example that
when someone like camela Harris says
Equity that all she means is equality of
opportunity which is complete bloody
rubbish she uses a different word and if
she's not smart enough to know the
difference then she's too stupid to be
vice president that's for sure and if
she does know the difference then she's
too ideologically corrupt to even be a
proper citizen of the United States and
so she's damned if she does and damned
if she doesn't as far as I'm concerned
and the fact that the modern Democrats
enable that kind of idiot ideology is
it's unforgivable okay so you got a hold
of Chris ruul and he brought the story
forward you're anonymous at this point
it it makes a legislative difference
what happens at the hospital bring us
forward from May
2023 so I'm Anonymous at this point no
one knows who I am I'm so busy with
surgery it's like nothing even happened
uh a few days after after that another
whistleblower comes out someone who
worked in the transgender Clinic who
actually worked with these doctors and
was horrified by what was happening so
this person comes out in uh Another
Story released by Christopher rufo um
few days later the Attorney General a
few days after that announces an
investigation to the hos hospital and
then uh about a week and a half after
the CEO of Texas Children says that he's
going to shut down the program in
accordance with sp14 after that
everything goes quiet um that was May of
2023 I was getting ready to finish my
residency my surgical training because
that was my chief year of the program so
you're doing you're doing all this while
you're not even completely finished your
medical training so this really is your
introduction into modern medicine as
it's practiced currently I can't believe
I can't imagine how demoralizing that
would be but it's for that reason I did
it right it's it's because of I was
seeing what was happening of course
someone has to do something about it
because if I want to pass on a career a
profession to my children a world to my
children I have to do it when it's the
most difficult thing to do right it's
like what option did I have so of course
you know um but yeah and it's kind of
funny to say that because it was on the
day of my graduation from surgical
training that the next part of the story
where it gets gets really wild um
because five weeks later the day I'm
graduating from surgical training one of
the most important days of my life right
you spend all this time sacrificing you
miss all these important events so it's
a Friday June 23rd we have the ceremony
in a couple of hours about to meet with
my family my wife and I are just getting
ready in our apartment when all the
sudden uh I get an aggressive knock on
the door I think man like that's weird
like who could this be so I shuffle over
I open it and standing outside are two
federal agents with Health and Human
Services they show me their Badges and
tell me that they're investigating a
case regarding medical records so in
that moment everything just you freeze
right your mind just shuts down and but
in the back of my mind like you know in
like my cerebellum somewhere you know I
I just knew they were there to make an
example out of me because I was
Anonymous we were able to tell this
story a bill got passed another
whistleblower came out they had to shut
down the program if I was able to do
this how many other people were able to
do this right it was a challenge to the
dominant political ideology of course I
knew that's kind of what was going on
but you freak out in the moment so I
invite them in so we sit down and they
want so you figured that out right away
you you basically figured that out right
away how the hell did they know who you
were given that the story had broke
anonymously well they had most likely um
uh used a huge amount of federal
resources to pursue this investigation
in that time to find out it was me they
had to mobilize the agents uh um do an
investigation right find all their
evidence surveil me to find out when I
was going to be home surveil me to find
out when I was graduating find out where
my address was and then come to my home
a few hours before I was graduating so
you know it's like when you think they
timed that do you think they do you
think they time that to coincide with
your graduation and also who is they as
far as you know like who obviously the
hospital wouldn't be very happy with you
because they had to shut down this
program and then there are people
pulling the strings behind the scenes to
keep the program going but who do you
believe or perhaps know was behind the
investigation into the whistleblowing
well you know who runs Health and Human
Services and the FBI and the the
um uh you know different legal
organizations right that that want to
see this pursued um so yeah you have the
most powerful people in the country who
I believe are behind this and I think
the timing was was exactly what they
were intending because they have to use
the value of that accomplishment the
meaning of that day as their method to
extort the threat right they they they
have to use that as the extortion of for
my compliance because uh they know I'm
starting my career in order to preserve
that they they need to do that so that I
comply with them I admit to something
that never happened so that I can
participate in some phony investigation
and then close the door permanently for
other whistleblowers in the country but
as they're coming to find out you know
they knocked on the wrong door because
uh that day we decided to fight but you
know when they were setting up there
their you know little tripod to do an
interview my wife comes out she was
getting ready and luckily my wife is a
brilliant attorney she's actually a
assistant us attorney uh at the
Department of Justice so my wife works
at the Department of Justice she's a
lawyer in the Northern District of Texas
um she had been hired at the time and
that's an important Point later in the
story just kind of put that in the back
of your mind but she comes out and we
both look at each other and we'd say bad
idea we go to our bedroom and we both
say you know what not a good idea to
speak with them without an attorney
present we go back out and we tell them
you know we won't speak with them
further they say okay they pack up their
things before leaving they hand me a
Target letter and it's just a piece of
paper that says uh I am a potential
Target of a criminal investigation and
it's signed by a assistant us attorney
in the southern district of Texas so we
knew that a few minutes after that door
opened you know the door closes our
lives are going to be changed CH forever
because we had a choice just like before
you know do we fight back do I fight
back right um you know do I submit to
this ideology do I uh uh compromise
everything I believe in you know
everything I believe my profession to be
you know do I um uh you know compromise
what was happening to these children so
there was there was no question there
was no way I would allow that to happen
so um you know I decided to fight that
day and we've been fighting ever since
what do you think what do you think what
do you think they wanted from you like
they presumed I imagine or knew that you
were The Whistleblower at that point and
they came using these very sophisticated
I would say and well thought through
intimidation tactics extraordinarily
well-timed I would say sadistically
well-timed and U but you've already
broken the story and so you've
done most of the damage that you could
do arguably what do you think they
wanted from you at that point fear and
compliance because they needed right
it's like it's it's not the typical
justice system right where it's these
people who are who are actually pursuing
the truth in order to obtain Justice
this is the exact opposite when you
become a target of a corrupt justice
system investigation people believe that
when you comply when you give into them
you're actually going to make make it
better for yourself but it's the exact
opposite because it's their virtue it's
the truth that that they are targeting
it's it's uh so you believe that your
participation right if you're innocent
will exonerate you but it's the exact
opposite it's because you're because
you're innocent because you're virtuous
that they're targeting you in the first
place and I knew that at that point
because I was able to see all these
investigations over the previous couple
of years where this was happening so at
that point I already had the framework
in my mind like this is a corrupt
Department of Justice what kind of in
what kind of Investigations are you
referring to that you had seen over the
previous years if if you think about the
the main uh political investigations
into uh political opponents of the
democratic party over the past four
years so for example if you look at um
uh anyone who spoke out during co uh if
you look at Douglas Mackey if you look
at uh abortion Bia yeah Bia if you look
at the abortion protesters who are being
sent to prison for 10 20 years for the
face act for sitting in front of a a um
a clinic right you know your compliance
does not exonerate you right it's
because your because of your innocence
because of your virtue that you're being
targeted in the first place so I knew
that it was obvious so I still don't
exactly understand what okay say they
wanted your compliance but compliance
with regard to what for you to retract
your accusations you're telling me that
you knew that complying wasn't going to
help you but I still don't understand
exactly what they hope to accomplish
other than to intimidate you and to stop
other whistleblowers is that the gist of
it and you know that's that's actually a
really good question because um
compliance towards what uh I believe
they they needed me to comply right in
order to admit to a crime to gravel at
their feet to issue some meaning you
know some some fake apology for doing
the right thing it might be easy to just
toss all of your discipline to the side
for the summer but a life of greatness
doesn't happen by taking the easy route
the Hallow app offers an incredible
range of guided meditations and prayers
that are designed to help you deepen
your spirituality and strengthen your
connection to God with hallow you can
embark on a journey of exploration
diving into different themes and types
of prayer and meditation from gratitude
to forgiveness each session offers a
unique experience sparking your
curiosity and deepening your spiritual
understanding you can choose different
lengths of meditation to fit your
schedule whether you have a few minutes
or an hour with its userfriendly
interface and hundreds of guided
meditations the hall app has quickly
become a go-to resource for people
seeking spiritual growth and healing you
can download the app for free at
hall.com Jordan it allows you to set
prayer reminders and track your progress
Hollow is truly transformative and it'll
help you connect with your faith on a
deeper level don't lose your prayer
habits this summer maintain your peace
and deepen your relationship with God
download the hall app today at hall.com
Jordan for an exclusive 3-month trial
that's hall.com
Jordan so basically tell outlined for us
what exactly the charges were so I see
so they brought these charges forward to
you and the presumption was that
possibly you could admit to them
hypothetically that would mean things
would go easier for you which is
completely not true but then it would
also discredit you and serve as an
object warning to anybody who was going
to pull the curtain back in the future
okay so what exactly did they accuse you
of so at that point completely unclear
and that where that's where it goes into
the next part of the story but I think
it's it's yeah it's the point where they
needed to make things example out of me
they needed to make me into a criminal
right because if they could do that of
course they shut the door permanently to
every other whistleblower in the Health
Care system in our country yeah they
shut it per well they discredit you
too exactly right and that's that's
going to be very convenient because you
know you you could imagine that the that
Ken Paxton for example and the rest of
the Texican Republicans aren't going to
take the rebellion of the Texas
Children's Hospital and their lies lying
down and so you play a pivotal role in
that their best strategy is to discredit
you and turn you into a criminal
obviously okay so so continue with the
story let it let it continue to unfold
yep so uh after that right what do we do
right so my wife and I we had the
graduation we go on our
patio and we celebrate so we put on
Vietnam war music we open a ball of
champagne and we celebrate because at
that point what do you do um and uh well
good for you so you went on with the
celebration of course yeah yeah huh yeah
no we
had and and it was kind of one of those
moments where you look back you're like
oh my God like that's completely insane
but like what else could you do right
when when the federal government comes
knocking at your door right you have to
fight back well I also think when you're
shocked when you're shocked like that
you tend to revert to what would be
typical in habitual Behavior you know
cuz you don't know what else to do I
mean what the hell do you do when the
feds come knocking at your door because
you've blown the whistle on people in
your in your children's hospital who are
mutilating kids like that's a nightmare
that's really Beyond Comprehension and
so it's not like you're going to know
how to react yeah and and it was at that
point that where it's like once you
cross the the Rubicon you know you're no
you're you're never going to go back to
that life that that you become this new
person like you're entering this unknown
world where you it's you don't know what
what it's going to be right it's it's
like complete darkness but you know you
have faith it's the right place to go so
um we got in touch with uh our attorneys
right through Christopher rufo brilliant
people uh Marcel Burke she's amazing
she's a fighter so we knew she was the
right person for the case over the next
couple of months we go into like this
state of legal Purgatory where I we have
no idea what's going on what they're
investigating anything because right we
had exposed that the hospital was lying
they were doing something that they
acknowledged held criminal liability
right it's like I'm a whistleblower I
had made this public a log got pass
within 24 hours like what could they be
potentially doing but it was over the
next six months that uh the corruption
we saw coming from the Department of
Justice was so severe that I had no
choice but to take this story public um
because I had no intention of doing this
you know we moved to a very small town
and I work in an even smaller town we
just wanted to to get on with our lives
you know like you know have have a
family you know uh you know operate on
my patients and take care of them um but
it was during those six months where we
knew that I would be destroyed if I
stayed silent um and that's why I took
my story public but to to outline that a
little bit more after I took my story
public in January of 2024 6 months after
my attorney had sent a letter to
Congress outlining that
misconduct um in a letter to Jim Jordan
and just to give you example of a few
things you know oh yes so the misconduct
you're speaking of the misconduct sorry
you're speaking of the misconduct of the
Department of Justice officials
specifically yeah yeah okay and the
misconduct you're referring to is does
is it limited to their intervention in
your case and their IL defined threats
towards you or were there more things
you said that you became aware of more
corruption so obviously they came to
intimidate you at with ill for ill
formed and false charges and obviously
that's bad enough but you alluded to the
fact that you discovered other things as
well yeah well it was it was um the the
interactions between my attorney and the
prosecut my attorneys and the prosecutor
and it was so shocking that my attorneys
felt obligated to blow the whistle
themselves in this letter so it was uh
for example okay yeah so the the
prosecutor you know in this letter says
that she was going to bring me to a jury
trial even if she was going to lose even
on a
technicality and what that means is if
there's no crime then you just pursue it
if you're going to
lose the implication being right the
belief is that they're doing this to an
innocent person because I had blown the
whistle right so they're essentially
telling us this they had threatened my
wife my wife was undergoing a background
check to uh for the Department of
Justice and you know during uh uh those
instances you know in this letter it
says that um uh one of the first things
I was brought up was that um she uh uh
says well you know I'm surprised Andrea
would interfere with an investigation
like this um you know she she won't have
any pro she won't have any issues unless
she continues to become a problem and
what she was referring to was my wife
advising me of my constitutional rights
not only that you know it's also uh
saying I had no right to blow the
whistle that it from for you know my job
as a doctor it it was not my job to to
blow the whistle on what was happening
that if I um had an issue I should have
just stood outside with a
sign and it was it was over those months
where you know I made the conclusion
these people are going to come after me
no matter what no matter what I did
you well you said something very
relevant is like I told you earlier that
shellenberger had a hard time believing
what shrier and I had discussed and then
I've also and so that just shows you how
difficult it is for people to believe
what's actually going on but then also
it's the case that
when someone like you pops up or
arguably someone like me say in
relationship specifically to the Ontario
College of psychologists it's a lot
easier for everyone to assume that
you're a troublemaker or that I'm a
troublemaker that there's something
fundamentally wrong with us and that the
institution that we're criticizing
couldn't possibly be that corrupt and
like
that impulse to demonize The
Whistleblower is valid when institutions
are mostly sane and have integrity
and our institutions were mostly sane
and had Integrity until quite recently
and what that also implies is that it's
very hard for anyone to overcome their
suspicion of let's say someone like you
when I first heard about your case in
detail I had tweeted you out a year ago
or so as you pointed out but I became
more aware of what was going on with you
again in recent months there's this
little part of the back in the back of
my mind thinking oh this guy he's
probably just a Troublemaker he's
probably just a narcissist you know
because even though I know that that
could well be not true right and I have
more reason to know that than most
people and so what that also implies is
that moving ahead with a case against
you is perfectly it's a perfectly
logical strategic move even if they know
you're innocent and if it's doomed to
failure because the mere fact that
you'll be dragged through the courts is
enough to have 25% of of people or 50%
of people write you off as probably a
criminal you know where there's smoke
there's fire there's no way you would be
being prosecuted if you hadn't done
something wrong so it's a very smart
strategy yeah and and especially it's
especially smart because there's going
to be no consequences for them right
they can bring this case right it's
based on nothing and they will become
princes and and princesses in this new
Empire of lies right they're they're uh
um uh loyalty to the cause to go after
an innocent person is like their own
blood sacrifice if they can protect this
evil ideology if they can protect the
harming of these children then they are
demonstrated to be um you know loyal
subserviant but then I thought it's like
like people are waking up to it right
like people are seeing the justice
system for what it is like this is a
corrupt investigation this whole thing
is corrupt and I'm going to be destroyed
right or Worse especially when you think
about what's happened to other
whistleblowers right like in Boeing's
case where yeah right no kidding if
you're a problem so I thought the only
way to survive this you know both
theoretically and possibly physically is
to tell this story because it's going to
happen either way yeah right so yeah
okay so so let me ask you again here so
you mentioned earlier
who was leading the charge in the legal
battle against you so let's return to
that for a minute because in so far as
it's possible and correct I would like
the people who are doing this not to be
hidden now you mentioned
uh Assistant Attorney General in the
south of Texas is that the person who's
pursuing this case yep yep and and
people who is that yeah is that uh
people can can find it you know if if
they're interested they can find out who
that person
is okay okay fine fine so we'll leave it
at that all right and so and so why are
you loath to make the name public now
just out of I'm not going to pressure
you I'm just curious no just out of
caution you and and also just for that
okay okay yeah okay that's fine that's
fine all right so oh and you
mentioned pack I believe it was Paxton's
or maybe the Senate's Proclamation that
the practices that the children Hospital
were engaging in were could be construed
as criminal you know I'm curious at a
international crimes level because I
think there's every reason to assume
that the sterilization and mutilation of
children is actually a crime against
humanity it's not a mere form of
criminal activity mere and I do believe
I mean I'm not a lawyer and that's a
problem but I read the
relevant description of what constitutes
crime against humanity and if this
doesn't qualify then well either my
comprehension is addled
or or the legislation is written badly
those are the options as far as I can
tell and you know just to take a little
detour for a second you know I would I
would actually challenge that right like
Dr Pearson um uh would you I I would say
that this is already a crime right it's
always been a crime if a patient comes
into my clinic right I was I was doing
surgery earlier today I was I'm in
clinic tomorrow someone comes into my
clinic and they say Dr Heim right I I uh
I'm um so overweight right I I'm so
overweight I need a gastric sleeve um
and uh uh you know they say it's my body
image I need this surgery I need it
because I you need to affirm who I am
but they're they're skinny right if and
they BMI is like 15 right if I were to
operate on that person and do a gastric
sleeve right because they told me that I
lose my license I go to prison What's
Happening Here is no different but it's
worse because right right yeah so it's
it's our overt window our Overton window
has shifted for this one single issue
everywhere else it's correct but because
this was infused from with politics from
the beginning our Overton window has
shifted all we have to do is shift and
you already well all you already showed
too though in your earlier description
is the Overton window for what
constituted acceptable medical evidence
shifted terribly during the pandemic and
that set the stage for this next
sequence of Lies the fact that we've
accepted the shift of that Overton
window with regard to Medical Practice
in this one domain means for sure it's
going to shift in other ways right you
can see this happening already there are
already papers being published in
psychological journals um disputing the
validity of the diagnosis of borderline
personality disorder for example and now
it's not surprising that the borderline
personality disordered people are
pushing that agenda because that's
exactly what you'd expect from people
with borderline personality disorder but
it's definitely an indication of the
increasing politicization of the
diagnostic and counseling clinical slmed
Enterprise right and so once you get
some of that poison in the system it's
not going to just sit there it's going
to disseminate through the whole system
okay so now how by this point now you're
in January you've sent this letter to
Jim Jordan walk us through the letter
and then what his response was if you
would yeah so um the say who Jim Jordan
is too for people because lot everyone
will know yeah so Jim Jordan is um a
congressman who is the chairman of the
house subcommittee on the weaponization
of the Department of Justice he's a
patriot he's a great guy um we had
released this letter the letter had
outlined this profound misconduct that
um the letter says that um the
prosecutor didn't even know the details
of the case before sending agents to my
home despite the fact that she didn't
know the details of the case she did
enough research to find out my wife was
undergoing a background check and use
that as a
threat you know that the letter says
that um you know I had no right to blow
the whistle I had no right to try to
protect these kids who were being harmed
the letter says that they were going to
take me to a jury trial even if they
were going to lose even if it's on a
technicality indicating that the law
doesn't matter to them that they're
going to do whatever they want whenever
they want to whoever they want and it
was at that point that I knew for sure
as an absolute fact that I had to do
something so we sent that letter uh that
was after I took my story public and the
reason I took it public you know as I
said before was because once you tell
the story publicly the corruption
becomes self-evident because it's what
and what you said earlier it's like when
people hear it like they naturally think
man there's this guy's probably criminal
he's probably a scumbag but like I
wouldn't let them Define the story if
I'm going to go through this it's going
to be on my terms right I'm not going to
let them Li that's a better strategy
that's a better strategy definitely I'm
not going to let them lie just like they
have everything else to to manipulate to
cheat to coers in this case I have
control even though you know everyone
would think I'm like the one who's least
in control when you're the focus of a
investigation by a corrupt Department of
Justice you think you're not in control
but you have all the control because the
only way for them to maintain their
legitimacy is through your compliance
right but it's only through your
compliance that you get destroyed so I
took the story public and the reason was
just to to protect myself but also
because the story is meaningless unless
there's offense right and most of our
politicians aren't doing it right most
of the people who are who we we elect to
Representatives aren't doing it there's
some good ones but now it's our
responsibility right and and during
those six months where I was Anonymous
we had spent over
$250,000 all of our savings our
investments everything like we're broke
we're going to be broke for a long time
that's that's okay but we had gone on
the offense too you know to try to
defend these bills to try to develop
cases not only to protect whistleblowers
but also to to um uh make sure this
doesn't happen in the future but um uh
so I come out in January of 2024 with my
story publicly over the next few months
until June a week and a half ago I'm
just public right I you know uh I was
working as a surgeon at the time I'm so
walk us through that walk walk us
through that you you was you brought it
out publicly with Chris rufo again and
then what happened to the story yeah
well it's it kind of blew up you know it
was it was um like my whole world kind
of turned inside out in some ways but
then in many ways it was just completely
normal because I go to work I see my
patients I operate and and I just do
that and I'm very busy but then there's
this other world where it's like this
thing is hanging over my head where you
you we still have no idea what's going
to happen right but we wanted to be able
to tell the story right to make sure
that people knew the truth so you know
um you know I did interviews with Tucker
car who have you talked who have you
yeah yeah yeah yeah like Carlson who
else Tucker Carlson Dr Phil um uh John
Papo dad Saves America um Laura Ingram
um I mean so many people it's so many M
Stell Mali um uh and and I know probably
missing a lot uh Kyle sarapin the FBI
whistleblower um really really good
people um Gaye against groomers as I
talk to them um really good people and
um I actually got the wpath files before
it came out from shellenberger team
because it was a few months after now I
read I believe that there are four
charges specific charges pending against
you now is that the case that they have
something to do with illegal access of
medic medical records can you do us a
favor and and like steal man the charges
against you so that we understand what
case they're trying to build what are
they claiming that you did now you said
it was very amorphous to begin with and
that the prosecutor hadn't even really
reviewed the case before she sent the
agents to your house I presume that
they've sharpened the case now they've
sharpened the dagger and so I I've heard
that you're facing like a very high fine
and actually a fairly extensive
potential prison sentence something in
the neighborhood of 10 years so so walk
us through that if you would MH yeah so
over this these six months right I have
no idea what's going on but June 4th so
not too long ago three Federal uh US
Marshals heavily armed show up to my
door at 7 am. right another show of
force and
hand yeah yeah oh yeah for sure for sure
yeah um you know bulletproof vests guns
everything um so they hand me indictment
saying that I am uh being charged with
four felonies this past Monday two days
or yeah a few days ago um the indictment
was unsealed because I'm facing this
trial I can't talk about the indictment
in any detail um you know just just out
of caution out of prudence uh you know
there's people people people can read it
themselves but the the one thing I will
say where would they find it and then
walk us through it yep um so yeah I
unfortunately I can't go through the and
it's it's related to yeah yeah it's
related to Hippa but the one thing I
will say is that um you know people can
find it at like the Us doj website
there's like a press release about it um
and you know there's stories written in
um different uh media uh journals um I
can't think of anyone off the top of my
head but um the one thing I will say
about it know I is is my reaction to it
right because on Monday when the
indictment was unsealed when I read it
for the first time I had two emotions
right in the first one sounds odd but it
was um Vindication right almost a degree
of relief where I thought my heart was
going to sink but then I read it and I
was like oh my God like these the these
charges are as divorced from reality as
the interventions they're trying to
cover up so it's you know you know
I had that that same experience you know
Last Christmas I have 13 charges against
me now they're not criminal charges but
they're charges that would culminate in
me either being re-educated which is
what I'm hypothetically sentenced to now
or losing my license right so now um I
had to review all 13 charges last
Christmas and that was quite an onerous
task as you can imagine there's like 30
pages of documentation per charge so
that's like 400 pages of charges
and you know
um I have a bit of a guilty conscience
as a temperamental feature and so I
suppose I regarded myself the same way I
might regard another troublemaker and
think well you know maybe I did
something wrong that I haven't paid
attention to and so I was leery about
going through these charges but what
happened took me 3 days what happened at
the end was two things I was relieved
and I was my jaw was dropped further
open at the sheer magnitude of the
incompetence and stupidity of my
opponents the things they charged me of
were with were first of all virtues I
came away from that thinking oh well you
know if these are the people I'm up
against
fundamentally there's no real problem so
I can understand your paradoxical
emotion as a consequence of reviewing
the charges even though it's a pain in
the neck and it's hyper expensive as
you've already discovered and you know
they can do me reputational damage as
they can do you you know it's it's funny
you say relief because that's that's
what it is you know but um because you
look at it you're like this can't be
real but I don't think it's incompetence
it's not incompetence right because
there's no way the most powerful Federal
investigative Agency on this planet can
be so incompetent this is intentional
just like in your case right and I knew
so at first right it's like I feel a
degree of relief Vindication this is a
political prosecution like I said you
know I knew it was the right thing to
take this story public to tell it so
that people knew the truth but then the
second thing was just this visceral fear
right this visceral visceral fear
because I know that I face 10 years in
prison
I might miss the birth of my first
daughter right she's do in October I can
lose everything I've ever worked for
right I could lose everything we've
already lost everything we've ever you
know saved up all of our investments our
retirement everything but the thought on
Monday of standing in front of that
judge right where um you know you have
these other people who are in there and
then you know these cocaine traffickers
and you know some people who are
pedophiles then I'm there too right and
um there's fear there's a visual visual
fear but
then there's that but there's also one
thing more right it's like this fear of
what happens if I don't fight back if we
don't push forward the fear of kneeling
to this ideology of submitting to these
corrupt vicious people who want to take
away all the virtues that makes this
country great because it's like these
are things in the physical world that
they can do to us but there's something
I believe that's beyond that that
there's that's something that transcends
what happens in our lives and if I
submit to this I fear what happens then
so even though I'm scared of
what I face moving
forward what kind of world is my
daughter going to have if I don't do
something about it we have to do
something now so it's you know since
then you know there's fear but but
there's there's resolve right we have to
fight we have to stand up we have to
make this right because if if we don't
then what kind of we say we we love our
children we're willing to sacrifice for
them but what does that mean like are we
really willing to sacrifice for our kids
if we're not willing to do something
like this do we really love our kids if
we're not willing to to stand up for
them in this way to sacrifice you know
every part of ourselves no you can't say
you I I don't believe that I believe
that the if you love your
children the only way to really love
them is to sacrifice for them and if
that means
sacrificing was happening to me then
then I'll take this fight so let let me
ask
you another question here if that's
okay so this is just a practical
question and then I'll ask something
that's
more conceptual to how is it that you're
still
practicing
um I work with good people the best
people um
and I'm a good doctor I'm a good surgeon
right before I did this interview you
know it it sounds it might be hard to
believe but I mean I a very very
complicated surgery yeah but I'm amazed
they haven't suspended has haven't
suspended you or or done something to
Trump up a situation that makes it
impossible for you to continue you know
I'll tell you what there's one thing I
realized right once I took my story
public you you think you're C you you
think you're going into this world that
is Darkness right that you're going to
be destroyed that everyone's going to
come after you and um you think you're
going to lose everything but then what I
realize that it's the exact opposite
right
um where uh you gain everything where
you meet the best people in the world
where people from all over the world
will support you where um uh you can
live for the first time with dignity you
can look at yourself in the mirror and
you could say um you know I'm not lying
to myself I can call myself a doctor but
this is true this is not something that
is is is not real right and um uh people
understand that right people can see
that like he told this
story he took a risk with telling the
story and and he might what whatever he
faces right but he told the story and
you know what people have been willing
to stand behind me and that includes my
patients the people I work with and um
it's the most amazing thing because uh
you know you know the day the federal
agents came you know of course it was
crazy I had to take like an hour or two
to like you know recollect myself but I
went to work I rounded all like 20
patients sick patients I
operated because that's my job
I have to take care of these people no
matter what and it doesn't mean anything
if if I don't do that because I believe
I was put on this Earth to take care of
sick
people so no matter what happens I have
to do that so um I'm still working
because I I think that people understand
that people understand more what this
what's happening to this country right
they understand what this is and they
understand my story because it's
happening to other people it's happening
to me they know it's going to happen to
them next next
question what were your political
beliefs and your degree of political
involvement before you started to see
the ideological corruption and cowardice
emerge in the medical profession were
you a political person and if so where
would have you placed yourself on the
political Spectrum you know I I think
like uh like so many um kind of
prominent or like a lot of people and I
think yourself included I was a big time
Lefty for a long time um up until about
college um you know you know I I kind of
just you you become part of this millu
right this social cultural
educational millu where your natural
state is just
to be on the left so that's where I was
but it was in my 20s that um I kind of
started to wake up to what was happening
in the world and a lot of it was because
of Israel like my family's from Israel
you know my my dad's from Iraq they're
Iraqi Jews and they moved to Israel in
the beginning my mom is German she's
Christian but she converted that's where
she met my dad she moved to Israel and
they met but um it kind of started this
this kind of my eyes started to open you
know over the next decade you know
between like 2122 and like now
where and it was also during that time I
just started reading like hundreds and
hundreds of books about history and and
fiction and everything politics
economics and um because I always
thought I read I would read these books
and I thought like our lives are so tame
right they're they're we live in such a
privileged time that nothing like this
is ever going to happen you know reading
stories about World War II and and
before and and you know like what my
family had to go through in Israel or in
Germany
um and uh I thought that it would never
happen right but then um over the next
couple really you know since 2020 I I
thought Everything's changed right now
now people like us are in the center of
those stories and what we what I thought
would never happen in my lifetime is now
happening but one thing I always
remember from those stories is
that the people that there's there's no
lying to yourself there's no giving in
and getting away with it because the
truth will will always Prevail it might
take you might have to sacrifice your
life you might have to sacrifice a lot
but in those cases the truth always
prevails and people always remember the
people who did the right thing when it
was the most difficult thing to do so I
kind of made that transformation towards
becoming more conservative um but yeah
for a long time I was a a big old Lefty
so I'm I'm curious Dr he I've spent an
ungodly amount of money fighting off the
bureaucrats from the Ontario College of
psychologists it's it's ridiculous and
so luckily I suppose I have the money um
although that's not just luck I might
point out um but I don't understand how
you're managing this you said you
already spent all your savings and and
and and all your money at hand something
approximating $250,000 how in the world
are you funding it and is there anything
people can do to help uh yeah so ever
since the agents came to my home June
23rd 2023 we knew we had to take this
case forward so we were funding funding
it uh completely by ourselves so we
spent at this point over probably almost
$300,000 at this point um everything
we've ever invested all of our savings
all of our retirement every paycheck we
get goes to it and I don't say that as
as like a victim because to be ble to
fight this it's a privilege to be able
to fight for a future for our children
but uh if people do want to help you
know the fund we need it you know we
absolutely need it to fight this case in
federal trial uh it's going to be
upwards of a million dollars and if they
do want to donate they can go to
conservatively gend
go.com
texor whistleblower and it's the most
amazing thing to see you know how many
people have come out in support you know
every single message every single
donation my wife and I we read it every
single night every single message we
read it multiple times because it's like
like I said before where it's like this
this world that you think you're going
into you think it's darkness and you
think you're going to be destroyed but
there's actually this entire world where
um that there's people who are willing
to support you and and um but but we
need to fight uh and that's where we're
going to do and there's no way that I'm
I'm going to dishonor the sacrifices of
everyone whove donated to our legal fund
well that's one of the mysteries of
telling the truth is that you end up
being surrounded by people who have
devoted themselves to telling the truth
and that's a really good deal okay so
let's close with this uh when when we go
over to the Daily wire side everybody
watching and listening I'm going to
spend another half an hour with Dr Heim
on The Daily wire side I think what
we're going to talk about there rather
than the autobiographical attack that I
often take and I think what we talk
about is why he thinks specifically the
transgender madness has taken over the
clinical and medical world because
there's other ways the LIE could have
gone so we're going to delve into that a
bit more what I would like to close this
part with unless there's something else
specifically that you'd like to bring up
that we haven't covered is what the hell
is going to happen next to you what do
you think is going to happen and what
what do you want to have happen what's
your
plan so what happens from here is we
fight we go to trial we have to win
because if we
don't the ability for people in American
Healthcare to blow the whistle that door
will be closed forever um I have to do
it for my profession I have to do it for
for my children we have to do it for
them because they're the ones who are in
most imminent risk of of their lives
being unalterably changed and you know
like like how much I look forward to
seeing my daughter and having children
this is being taken away from them at
the time when they at least understand
the ability the the the implications of
their actions when they least understand
the consequences okay so you alluded
earlier too something I just want to get
straight I saw I think his name is chank
ugar he's one of The Young Turks uh
particularly well we won't get into that
he claimed the other day on
uh on Pierce Morgan that it's a very
very small number of children if any
that this is happening to but you made
the case earlier in the podcast that at
the Texas Children's Hospital alone it
was something in the Run of hundreds
that are at least being put on puberty
blockers and that's no trivial thing
that hormonal intermediation the idea
that that's fully reversible is absolute
bloody nonsense but do you have a sense
of just what mag itude this problem is
and then of what the magnitude is in
terms of the full movement towards
surgical intervention among specifically
among miners let's say I know that the
rate the diagnosis rate has gone way up
it's now at minimum thousands and
thousands of children who are diagnosed
with gender dysphoria but I'm this is
more specific on the medical side being
administered hormonal interventions and
then
I I know once that happens the
probability of progressing to sword
surgery is quite high so what kind of
numbers do you think we're looking at
here so I want to answer your question
in two ways so specifically the numbers
I would say hundreds of thousands and
it's important for people to understand
that once these children are being put
in this position right they become a
chronic medical patient for life because
pu blockers are not reversible right and
and especially because by their own
protocol
they shut off any exit ramp they shut
off any alternative because any
alternative is prevented by the threat
of their own suicide they're blackmailed
into one pathway forward so they're not
meant to be on Pub blockers for a short
period of time like I would implant
puberty blockers in kids who actually
had precocious puberty this early onset
when they're like six years old they
start you know having Sons but you take
them out right when they become you know
11 12 13 years old but in this case
they're meant to block the entirety of
puberty then hormones then surgery but
the reason we can't give you an EXA
exact number is because there's there's
illicit uses of drugs over the internet
right right for everyone right yes but
then I want I want to answer your
question a second way because those are
numbers those are just
statistics the after I took my story
public I got in touch with like this
underground network of mothers and
fathers in Dallas these people reached
out to me uh um because they wanted to
involve me in what they were doing these
are mothers and fathers who've had a
child affected by this people like me
and you right many of them are classical
liberals conservatives but their kids
have been taken in by this transgender
ideology and there there was no network
for them so these this underground
network of parents had formed like in
the shadows like they all Ed signal
they're like very shadowy but they they
have a huge amount of impact behind the
scenes like they they work on
legislation they work on bills it's
amazing but I recently went to a meeting
at one of their homes I'm very close
with one of them I I can't even say her
name because they they none of them want
to be public but these people are I've
never heard stories like this I mean
it's you know um but they would tell me
stories about their kids and um you know
whether they're in high school or middle
school or if they're older and how they
got
groomed by a you know a counselor a
friend someone online and they come to
him one day and say I'm transgender I
need these drugs and then a lot of them
you know they don't know what to do
right and and they lose their children
so they tell these stories about how
these children are gone they haven't
talked to them in years some of them are
being trafficked some of them you know
have lost their jobs they're addicted to
drugs but you see the pain in their eyes
right that the the person they love the
most is gone forever that the things
they wanted for for their children is
gone forever so when when Chen yuger
says that this is only a few kids first
of all that's not true but these
statistics they have faces right this is
a person this is a mother and a father
this is a brother and a sister these are
people who've lost a person they love
love the most and it's yeah or this is a
young woman like like Khloe Cole who no
longer has breasts and will never
recovered from her surgery yeah right
and I it's not obvious to me how many
children you need like that before
actually you should pay a little bit of
attention and the answer to that might
be one so only a few is not much of a
bloody defense as far as I'm concerned
because none is the right amount like
seriously and when you see every surgery
it's not just the surgery and surgery is
horrific enough especially for healthy
BR like I do you I do I do these
surgeries and we do it for cancer right
we do it for a reason
and and to think that I would take a
patient to an operating room with
healthy breast and just take him off is
horrific but it's um it's the surgery
itself but it's everything that comes
after that and that's why I learned from
these parents because it's the day to
day of of Anguish of depression of like
this existential crisis of never knowing
who you are and your family goes through
that suffering too and they're put on
this road from the very beginning from
they're 11 12 years old and it's like
one day they wake up they look in the
mirror and they think you know what's
happened to me and and the people who
are the people who are supposed to love
me were the ones who are supposed to
protect me but these were the people you
know the on well but you know there's
that on that too see one of the things I
found most reprehensible about all of
this the biggest lie in all of this was
well would you rather have a live trans
child or a dead child right this
insistence that two parents that if they
dared voice opposition to this
absolutely barbaric and unconscionable
medical process that they were basically
dooming their children to death I really
I've studied atrocity for a very long
time and
I've listened to and read things that
were so terrible that it took me a long
time to recover and I swear I don't know
if I've ever come across anything worse
than the LIE that if you don't
facilitate your child's sterilization
and mutilation you're responsible for
their death that is that's like owitz
level brutality and worse there's no
excuse for it it's prison for those
people it's the most evil lie told in
the history of medicine because when you
think about in the past right I think
that's right in the past when people
were harmed by doctors they would never
have had the audacity to make it so so
that the people they were harming would
would appear that it was the doctors who
were harming them were their salvation
that's never been done in the history
that's right even the Nazis even the
Nazis hid their crimes that's right
that's right even the people who were
being harmed in those camps knew that
these doctors were not helping them but
in this case what they're saying is that
we are your salvation but what they're
doing is is they actually their
existential destruction because these
children are born perfect they're
they're and and they're perfect people
right and and they're going to grow up
it's hard but it's those challenges that
you go through during that time that
make you who you are and they're taking
that away from them yeah they didn't
they didn't even tell they didn't even
tell Khloe Cole that body dysmorphia is
a standard symptom of juvenile of mild
juvenile depression the most obvious
psychological fact right the sort of
thing that any counselor who was trained
at all or who wasn't outright lying
would have said to her first was never
told to her at all and that's the depth
of lies that the Therapeutic Community
Therapeutic Community is engaged in when
they're allies to the trans butchers so
and and is it uh uh should we be parsing
between the differences of of this study
versus that study when this is
accessible to basic Universal human
logic which is really the foundation of
medicine if someone's if someone's
bleeding you stop the bleed right if if
if uh um uh you have a confused young
child you do not give him Cancer drugs
hormones and you don't operate on them
right you you tell them to love who they
are absolutely all right sir well that's
a good and terrible place to end and so
for all of you watching and listening
you can join us on the daily wire plus
side for that discussion thank you very
much sir thank you
[Music]